# cs370

from the code that I was given gave me a great understanding on how things work. And gave me an outline of what I needed to code to make it happen. I used a lot of the code that was given to start out with but from there I played with it to better understand what pieces worked and what did not. I have found computer scientist to be very important and now I understand why it takes so long to go through an understanding of how a virus actually works a lot of information has to be gathered for one and for two the strain it puts on your computer regardless of whether it's on the cloud or not the process that type of information takes a long time. I can't even begin to imagine how it would take to map out a route of the COVID-19 variants and how many more offspin they're gonna be. I do find myself though approaching the problem with a lot of what ifs and the computer science part of it helps me narrow down all the possibilities by giving it a set parameters of what I'm thinking and let the machine do a lot of the heavy lifting to narrow it down too only a couple different possibilities rather than a few thousand that are bouncing around in my head. I do see ethical concerns and responsibility each person has in an organization to maintain the AI along with proof reading the output of information because it could be very wrong or at the list of possibilities may not be in the order where seen it happen the way the machine thinks it should be and that's where our responsibility comes into play. Even though we can let the machine do a lot of heavy lifting we should not let it do all the lifting because there is still one piece it will not factor in his the unknown.
